Previously on "big
brother", Vanessa had
secured herself two
different alliances.
There was Austin's angels on
one side, and Johnnie mack
and Steve on the other.
With sneaky Steve in power...
Steve, you are the new
head of household!
Steve!
He took a shot at Liz.
I have nominated you
Austin and Liz for eviction.
But after Austin has won
the veto,.
I have decided to use the
power of veto to save
myself.
Julia, I'm so sorry.
Steve put the sisters
side-by-side.
Bye-bye Liz and Julia,
nice knowing you, twin twist
is over, see you in jury.
At first it seemed like
Liz was the obvious target.
Liz can beat pea.
But after Julia decided
that Liz could see fight to
another day.
You should, you got this.
A deal was struck with
Vanessa to keep her in the
game.
If I get the hoh, I
expect the other two to be
out the front door.
At the live eviction,
the house said bye-bye to ju-ju.
By a vote of 3-0, Julia,
you are evicted from the big
brother house.
With only five remaining
and egg-sit, battle for
power began.
Tonight who will secure
their spot in the final four
and which two house guests
will be nominated for
eviction.
Plus frackie returns and
takes two house guests on
the trip of a lifetime, all
this right now on "big
brother"
> is everybody ready?
Yes.
Great.
Because this competition
begins now.
The object of this head
of household competition is
to get our eggs one at a
time across the rainbow to
the pot of gold.
The first house guest to
transfer all ten eggs
without them falling wins
the head of household.
Oh God.
In addition to going for
hoh, we can also go for a
luxury prize for a once in a
lifetime trip outside the
Big Brother house.
Ju-ju my other half has
just been evicted from the
"Big Brother" house and I'm
fired up.
I'm hoping to go, have me or
Austin win this hoh
competition.
I'm definitely wanting to
get revenge on little
Mr. sneaky Steve.
Not so lucky.
The outgoing hoh, I can't
compete so I'm hoping
Vanessa or John can win hoh
this week, protect me.
Pie worst-case scenario
would be either Austin or
Liz can win after them.
I'm the hoh that went after
Julia and I know they'll
come after me if I don't win.
Liz and... Julia just left
so Liz and ri the show-man's
couple.
So we need to win this to
insurance we're in the final
four.
Austin gets his first egg.
We have five people left
this is the most important
hoh we've had thus far.
At this point I need to win
this thing.
My strategy is trying to
roll it and catch it if my
other hand all the way down
the other side.
Johnny mack with his first egg.
Yes, sir.
All right.
This would be a great
time to get some blood on my
hands and make a big move.
And I want to get a big
target out of this game.
Okay, got one.
Vanessa gets her first egg.
I want a golden goose, daddy.
Austin gets his second egg.
I see Austin just
cruising over the rainbow.
I'll just thinking oh, man!
I don't want to you win, dude.
I'm going to end up on the
block.
Slow down, mess up.
It is a really miserable
experience watching Austin
take this lead an sitting
here and there not a thing I
can do about it.
I could really use a
four-leaf clover, because if
Austin wins I'm not in a
good spot.
Vanessa gets her second egg.
Vanessa, Johnnie mack an
Austin are tied for the
league with two eggs, Liz is
bringing up the rear with
her first, almost done.
This competition is so
much harder than it looks.
I'm just trying to go slow
and steady so I can win the
race and by race I mean not
drop my egg.
Lizes get her first egg.
John ties Vanessa and
Austin for the lead with
three eggs.
> This competition is
brutal, dropping one of your
eggs is devastating because
it takes so long to bring it
up to the top of the rainbow.
This whole rainbow sucks.
Liz dropped her egg.
Awe Liz dropped another egg.
She is dropping more eggs
than getting to the other
size.
And to watch her fail this
competition is really
beautiful.
A lot of gold falling on
this rainbow.
Vanessa takes the lead
with her fourth egg.
Liz finishes her second egg.
You're on the underside
of the rainbow which means
your arms are always above
your head and in doing that
you are putting a lot of
strain on your shoulders.
All I know is that I
probably can't lift up my
coffee cup tomorrow.
John pockets his fourth egg.
John has four eggs,
Austin has three and Liz
only has two.
Within this competition
although it looks nice and
cute is grueling.
I'm trying to get my egg
through this little chicken
wire.
My fingers are getting
scratched.
My arms start to give out
but I'm thinking about swrulia.
I'm thinking about how much
this would mean to her to be
here as well and I know I
got to do it for her.
> Liz just finished her
third eck.
Vanessa finishes herivity egg.
Vanessa is halfway there.
Austin finishes his fourth egg.
John and Vanessa are tied
for the lead with five eggs
each.
This is quite the egg
sighting... egg-sitting
matchup.
I don't get it.
Oh, God.
Vanessa is in the lead
with six eggs.
Going for the luxury prize.
I'm really struggling
over here, Austin is doing
great.
I'm banking on him to win
but I know that this is just
not my comp and I'm going to
go for that luxury prize.
I'm trailing too far behind.
I'm taking the luxury with me.
Liz has officially won
the luxury prize and will be
taking a trip outside of the
Big Brother house.
Did you go for the luxury.
Yeah.
As usual, Liz adds
pressure to my already
pressurized game situation.
Now it's all on my shoulders.
If I can win it, Liz and I,
we're going to be in the
final four.
I only have three eggs,
there's no way.
An Vanessa maintains her
lead with her seventh egg.
Austin finishes his sixth egg.
Johnny mack finishes his
seventh egg.
I have not won a single
hoh in this game.
My resume looks pretty bad
on paper.
So this with be a great time
for me to win this hoh, cuz
I've done something.
Austin completes his 7th egg.
Good job, aust irx.
Vanessa maintains her
lead with her 8th egg.
General and Austin are tid
for second with seven.
If Austin wins this, oom's
in a really bad spot because
I really want to see the
show-mance back on the block
this week.
Johnnie mack completes his 8th.
I've got the lead but to
the by much.
It's like I can taste final
four.
I've got a shot at this.
Stay focused.
Everybody will come down to
whether I drop an egg at
this point.
Vanessa with will eggs
Vanessa drops an egg.
Liz drops another egg.
Austin completing his 8th egg.
It's down to pretty much
myself, Vanessa and fun and
it's a close race to the
finish and all I'm thinking
is focus on myself, keep going.
We're so close to making it
to the end.
Let's do this.
Austin with a big drop.
Bam.
Vanessa completes her 9th egg.
She is on her final egg.
Down to the wire.
It's me and Johnnie mack and
I'm thinking you know what,
I'm no one's top priority.
I'm everyone's replacement
nominee this week.
I really need to win this thing.
Vanessa is on her final egg.
John and Austin are tied
with eight eggs.
Johnnie mack with his 9th egg.
Vanessa and John have only
one to go.
Whoever wins it will be the
new hoh an guarantees
themselves a spot in the
final four.
Between me and Vanessa,
my hands are bleeingdz,
feeling the pain in pie
shoulders.
All it takes is Vanessa to
make one false move with the
egg and I can take the hoh
for myself.
Vanessa gets her 10th egg
which means congratulations,
Vanessa, you are the new
head of household.
Oh my gosh, you guys u
don't have to hug me, I'm so
disgusting.
I can't even move my arms.
So I win hoh and although
I'm secure for the we can,
I'm now sitting in the
middle of two alliances.
I've got Liz and Austin on
one side and Steve and
Johnnie mack on the other.
And it's time for me to
choose a side.
Well done.
Thats with a toughie.
When Vanessa wins it
means that the show-mance
will be targeted this week.
I stay for the week and holy
crap, I did just make final
four?
I was like I'm trailing
behind so far, the least coy
do is get a luxury for may
damn self.
Vanessa has kind of
sketched me out lately.
I kind of feel like she's
playing both sides of the
house.
And who knows what she's
capable of doing.
> Oh my goodness.
Oh man.
That was a lot harder
than it looked.
I will say.
My arms hurt so bad, Steve.
I believe it, I believe it.
I feel really good about
Vanessa winning because the
plan with me was to check
out... take occupant the
remaining show-mance.
She just can't get paranoid
with Steve and myself
because if she does, we're
in trouble.
Give me a hug.
Thank you.
Vanessa winning head of
household means that she
could very well think of me
as a threat since I'm the
last girl standing with her.
But she likes girls.
I'm a girl.
I hope she still likes me.
I'll get over it.
Great job.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I don't have it... in me.
I know I saw it.
You know what, I have too
much paranoia on my mind,
way too much stuff going on.
So step one for me now
that I'm hoh is going to be
ask Steve, ask Austin, ask
Liz what deals did you guys
have coming into this hoh
and start comparing notes
and see who is lying to me,
who is telling the truth.
What did Steve think you
were going to do if you won?
That I would keep him safe.
That's what I thought.
That is what I said, to
keep him in line.
Here we go again.
Vanessa is looking for a
reason for who to put up
this week.
And it's because her
paranoia is getting the best
of her.
Her wheels are spinning in
her head but she's got to
remember, myself and Liz,
we're her alliance.
Will you answer me
something real quick, Steve.
Sure.
I'm just on one big quest
for information, because
information in this game is
power.
And more so than that, it's
also just a vacation and I
need a justification to put
two people on the block this
week.
Go ahead of me.
Okay.
What did you think Austin
was going to do if he won
hoh.
Some combination of me,
you, Johnnie.
Do you have no other
specific information?
Do I?
Think really carefully.
It is going to come down to
it right now.
My Austin guess of who
Austin would put up.
I didn't want a guess.
Did he tell new.
He did not tell me who he
would put up.
De say he would keep you safe.
Yes.
He did.
Did he say its with a
front door or back door.
No, he just said I'm not
his target.
Okay.
And who did you think was
going on the block.
She told me she would put
me on the block.
I want to tell you this
now because I don't want to
think anything misconstrued.
I made a deal with Liz where
I would give her an her
sister what they want...
>> right before the live
show I made a deal with Liz
because I know they really
wanted Liz to stay over Julia.
I would like to ask, if you
win hoh and I'm on the
block.
Okay.
And you end up being the
tie breaker.
Yes.
Could you break it in my favor.
Vanessa, of course I'm
going to try to pull a deal
out of Liz.
Would you do the same thing
and you would be a hypocrite
to say you're not okay with
what I did.
Okay, okay, I understand.
Cool.
Now you scared me.
Good to know, Steve what
that means is she just made
a deal to send me home.
At this point, I have no
idea what I'm going to do.
You... they are just
adding up for me.
Okay.
More than anything I'm
actually up set with Liz.
Really?
She gave me her word on
her sister that she wouldn't
vote against me.
And she promised Steve the
same thing.
She was going to go back
on it she never meant to
keep it I just wanted
to... say whatever you're
going to say.
Who did Johnnie think you
were going to put up?
I just told him that if I
can I will take him to final
four like we talked about.
You took Steve, so how
did that work.
They're both... I was just
telling them that.
I wasn't going to keep
either one of them safe.
I was going to put up both
of them.
I had to say what I had to
say to make sure...
I understand, everyone
has to say what they have to
say but everyone is just
saying what they have to
say.
Okay.
That's the issue.
I don't be mad at me
again, please.
No.
I can't go against you.
My... I feel like there's
something shady going on.
No way.
Seriously.
Apparently there were all
these deals going on where
potentially I was going on
the block.
Might as well fill may self
in completely and find out
what people were telling
Johnnie mack and see if I
can get any more information.
Will you answer me a question?
Yeah.
Had you ever talked in
the last few days either
Austin or Liz what they were
going to do if they won?
Austin said he wouldn't
put me up.
Without did he say.
He told me to make a deal
I went and made a deal with
him that I would put you an
Steve up.
Okay, so you're saying
was it your idea or his
idea.
You told me to.
I did?
I don't remember.
You told me I had to go
page a deal with Austin.
You think it's smart to
have a deal with Austin for
to us make a deal with him.
And pockly break it, yes.
Maybe.
See what I'm saying.
No, I agree.
Why what I want to you
make a deal that includes
putting me on the block.
I wouldn't... I didn't ask
you that.
Okay.
Like Vanessa, are you crazy.
Don't you remember that you
told me to make this deal?
Well like to hide our
alliance this is typical you,
Vanessa.
> How is your... during
that.
Okay, fine.
What is the deal with her.
She's mash ash... the deal
with Steve, he said Steve
made me do it.
Can I talk to you?
Sure.
You are bugging out.
I what be too.
Look, he came up like I'm
just really scared leaving
new the game and obviously I
said anything I could.
If I won hoh I would have
never put you up.
I would have...
>> you need a replacement of
me, of course you put me and
if you want... you need the
tie breaker vote to keep him.
I would never have done
that, though.
I have never given you a
reason to doubt me.
I took out James, your
arch-enemy, I don't know
what I want to you tell me.
Okay.
I've been dealing with
Vanessa an her paranoia all
summer long.
Another day in the big
brother house.
When Vanessa is paranoid,
she knows how to interrogate
everyone.
It's essential that I calm
Vanessa down so she doesn't
jump to the wrong conclusion
and end up putting myself
and Liz on the block.
That would ruin everything.
Look, Vanessa...
>> elite reallyly said I'm
controlling the vote.
If you don't tell me what I
want to hear I'm going to
tell them to vote you out.
So please don't question that.
I believe you, I believe you.
Liz, I believe you.
They already put me in
this situation by making me
swear...
>> I understand.
Are they talking to her?
They're talking... they're
talking... did to the go in
there do not go in there.
Whoever won the veto,
whoever beat Johnnie mack
and I end up with a decision
on me, you have two
conflicting promises there.
No, I don't.
You promised Steve if it
came down to your tie
breaker vote you would keep him.
Hi no intention of keeping it.
What was I going to say.
I never meant to say...
>> I never made a deal, I
said yeah, buddy, I got you.
Don't worry opinions but you
told me Johnnie mack you
never talked to about it.
I never talked to
Johnny... Johnnie mack about
nominations.
He just told me
completely different.
That's a... lie.
My name never came out of
his mouth.
His mouth?
No.
That's going to start
factoring all my decisions
now, who I can't beat if I
go to the end with them.
I feel like...
>> tough to make it without
a lawyer.
It's going to be tough to
beat him.
I probably can't beat my
girlfriend either, honestly.
So I think I would be
secretary place.
I'm feeling... I got more
figured out.
Just get there.
I'm down, why even ris tk.
He told me would put me
and Steve up.
He never said that he
never told me that.
He said that you said the
same thing.
I never said names to him.
Like I've been committed
to you and you and that's it
I don't trust what Johnnie
mack and Steve are going to
do.
I can't have them both here
to final four because they
will take each other to
final three.
I have never been committed
to anything they have ever
said to me.
So I can't believe he said
those names came out of my
mouth, they did not.
I'm Judas I'm willing to
say whatever I need to say
to anyone in order to stay
safe for another week in
this house.
I'm going to go with my
gut, and just go with pie
gut and that's that ♪
Be a fly on the wall
inside the Big Brother house
watch the houseguests anytime on
the live feeds on CBS.Com
okay.
Hi there.
Close the door.
All right, so here's
where my head is at.
I know the obvious play is
to go for Austin and Liz.
Okay.
Because they are a couple.
And I think I'm foolish
to think you're ever going
to take me to finals over
Johnnie.
You'd be foolish to do that
do the math.
He hasn't won an hoh, I've
won four.
So come on.
Incentive wise...
>> you think I would have an
easier time beating Johnnie
than you.
Yes.
Okay.
He's already been evicted
from the game.
Ands aliked as he is in jury,
I think that he hasn't won
an hoh.
And I needed to by now.
And he's a very loyal guy.
And he's also a guy's guy.
You're afraid of him.
And I've also worked with
him the shortest of anyone.
Okay.
And all those factors
makes me believe he's going
to take you and you're going
to take him, so I might as
well be in the house with
oooh too sho-mances that are
incentivized to take each
other to the finals.
The only thing I can do ask
to make smart joyces by
increasing my odds of
getting the final.
Okay.
What is standing in my
way, first getting to final
What is standing in my way
is having people choose me
and people with lower
competition wins are much
more attractive than people
like me.
It's like all of us have
done a lot and then Johnnie
is like out here.
He has not won an hoh, light.
He's the easy one to pull
along because he's very
unlikely to win and it's the
smartest play for me to go
for Johnnie mack, after
thinking it all through,
that's it.
I just think that is the
more risky option.
For you.
For both of us.
There is a tremendous
amount of risk... risk for me
no matter what.
I just think there is a
numbers advantage and we're
losing to now whans what
numbers advantage, you had a
numbers advantage.
We had a numbers advantage.
No, there is no we with
the Johnnie.
Johnnie and I are on the
same side to break up the
three some.
The three some is broken up.
I don't believe I have an
alliance with Johnnie mack.
Okay.
Dow understand the
difference, that's the
difference.
If you went to final
three with us.
I'm sure he does.
Vanessa what are you doing?
The whole point of my hoh
last week was to get us a
numbers advantage so it was
3 on 2 going into final five,
that the was the function of
my hoh.
If you go against Johnnie
mackin stead of 3 on 1rk it
will be 2 on 2 and we're
right back where we started
this doesn't help you at all.
Go get some sleep.
Give me a hug.
I have to go to bed.
I'm so soar from that comp, bro.
I'm only 60% sure of what
I'm going to do.
Okay.
If I'm going to do
something as bold and risky
as keeping a show-mance in
the house into final four I
better be sure the things
they're telling me they will
stick to.
The best way is to go to
Austin, shake his hand, get
his word and make a deal.
I don't want to go
against you in this game
even though logically this
is... I can't believe I'm
having this conversation.
I don't think it is.
It would be amazing to
make the deal so that
basically what I need is
first of all, you would be
agreeing you vote the way I
want this we can.
Austin and Judas will
give you his word together.
Okay there will be no
squirming out of it.
So the first thing is, is
that vote needs to go
Johnnie mack needs to go.
Second thing is, if you
win the veto,.
Don't use it, obviously.
Obviously.
Okay.
The third thing is next
week when that hoh please.
I will go for it, 100 percent.
That would be a I paing.
Dow want me to normally
give you my word.
I feel terrible to ask
anyone to do that.
I will, I have no problem.
You and Judas united.
Austin and Judas.
Are there any other
people that I need to know
about.
Not that I know of yet.
I think it's Austin and Judas.
This game is not about
who wins the most
competition.
It's who puts themselves in
the most strategy I believe
position to advance.
On day two I promised
Vanessa we would work until
the end of this game together.
I'm down for...
>> then I fell in love with
Liz.
But I have to put my own
interests first if I'm going
to win this thing.
Austin and Judas formally
want to let you know that we
swear on my love for Liz,
and my family name on
everything I hold dear that
what you've asked of me in
here will be honored.
All right.
100 percent.
Sounds good.
Let me shake on that one.
An I believe you on that
I do believe you.
I want some of to believe
the things Austin is telling
me and the deal he is
putting on the table.
And he's saying all the
right things.
He's shaking my hand.
He's putting it on his love
for Liz.
And if I can count on him
this is the best bet for me.
That sounds like the plan.
Okay.
And get some sleep.
I need new game peak form,
all right, man.
Sweet.
(Cheers and applause)
>> Outgoing.
What?
Outspoken.
One of the most idz
yottic conversations.
Outrage us.
The search is on for the
next "Big Brother" house
guests.
Oh pie God y is
everything so friggin
beautiful.
Do you have what it takes
to move in and compete in a
three month power struggle
for a half-million dollars.
Yes, yes, yes.
>> Go to CBS.Com/big brother
for details.
Yeah!
Can't get enough big brother?
See what's happening
inside the house whenever
you want with the live feed
on CBS.Com.
Who wants to... whooo!
Get in there.
Oh my God.
Hey.
Whooo hoo!
All right!
Hi!
Oh pie goodness.
So I walk into the living
room and it's frackie from
last year.
I mely start... pie jaw is on
the floorment I spent some
of time watching him on the
show on feeds and YouTube
and now I'm seeing him here
in person, it is really
bizarre but really cool and
it's just wow.
I'm here because one of
you won a very special
luxury prize.
Yes, I did.
Yeah, you did.
And just so happens that
Arianna Grande is performing
tonight, sold out at the
staples center.
You're lying.
In Los Angeles.
I will be taking you as my
guest.
Oh my God!
To the honeymoon tour
where you will get vip once
in a life sometime experience.
Our going to get to meet my
sister.
Oh my God, I'm dying.
You will get a private
suite to watch the show,
because the game is still on,
I have a Hollywood special
effects hair and makeup team
coming so you are not going
to be recognized during the
show.
Liz, now is the time you
get to choose another house
guest to joining on this
once in a lifetime vip
exclusive Grande experience.
I have no idea who to bring.
Do I bring the hoh, Vanessa
or do I bring my boyfriend
Austin.
Okay, o should I choose now.
Yes, you choose right now.
I love you guys but this
has girl's trip written all
over it.
Girl power.
Liz picks me to go on
this experiencing I'm blown
I watch.
The fact she chose me and
stayed true to her words,
her integrity is soiled.
You have five minutes to
get ready, so go.
Leaving the "Big Brother"
house in '86 day something
mind blowing especially that
we get to go to an Arianna
Grande concert.
This is the one thing I was
dying to see and as a hawk
frack-year fan I couldn't
have asked for a better
chaperone.
Whooo!
.
Oh my God!
So this is my amazing
hair and makeup team that is
going to transform you so
you are not recognized at
the show.
I'm going to leave.
I will see you at the
staples center tonight.
If I don't recognize you,
just look for the pink hair.
I'm social sighted.
86 days in the house,
kind of like forgot there
was even a real world out here.
I'm harnessing my inner
rocker chick and I'm going
to be the purple haired roxy.
And I'm going to be the
sexy soccer mom.
Sexy soccer mom.
Oh my God.
Rock star.
Who is she.
You look hot.
Thank you.
Like it's a really good look.
Thank you so much.
I love my transformation.
Let's do this thing.
Let's go.
Arianna, we are coming for you.
Thank you.
I feel like I've won a
sweepstakes, this will be
unforgetable.
Oh my gosh.
It's a highway, it's
mountains, it's crazy.
12 more days and 's back
to this.
I'm social sighted to be
heading to the staples
center to see Arianna Grande.
She is so cutement I
can't wait to meet her in
person and beyond that I
haven't been to a concert in
forever.
The coolest part of all of
this is that Liz and I get a
day of relaxation, freedom,
fun, and not having to worry
about talking game.
The boys are going to be so
jealous.
That's it!
There it is.
Arianna Grande tonight.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my God you look amazing.
So I have your all access
Arianna Grande passes.
Let's go.
Let's do it.
Okay so, this is the stage.
This is the money shot right
here, look.
Wow.
We should stop stomp,
look, how cool is this.
Woo.
This is hands-down a once
in a lifetime opportunity.
We get to meet Arianna and
go backstage at one of her
concerts this is going to be
huge.
Probably over the top.
I might lose my mind.
Arianna.
Whooo!
I'm social sighted.
You are disguised.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
Arianna is a sweetheart.
She knew who we were knew we
were in disguises that means
she knows us, I'm in shock.
I love you.
Break a leg, Arianna.
I also like... have a
great show.
I love you.
Huai.
You're gorgeous.
Have fun.
Meeting Arianna was such a rush.
I'm so celeb shy right now
and I'm shocked I got to
meet her and touch her.
She's so nice, so sweet and
I can't wait to hear her.
This is really where we
will watch the show from and
I have a few gifts for you
guys from the grandes.
Your very own Arianna
Grande... bag.
A few things in here.
I have something else
really exciting to give you.
This is not even out yet,
Arianna's fragrance which
comes out next week so you
will be the first to get
this.
Yay.
You can make the house
smell really pretty now.
She's coming.
Arianna Grande!
♪ ♪ ♪ ones will ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ oneless oneless problem.
I'm so happy I took
Vanessa with me, we were
dancing the whole night
together am we had such a
great girl's night.
Although its with amazing
I'm ready to go back to the
house way smile on my face
and it was the best
experience.
Hey boys.
Without wants to see our
alter egos!
What?
Finally.
Whoa!
Oh pie God.
I'm Dakota this is roxy.
Liz comes back all
dressed up looking very sexy
with her alter ego.
Hey, Judas what do you think
of dakotah?
Dakotah, new that's a
destination would I... I
would love to vit.
Okay so, we got to ride
in a stretch limo.
Then frackie Grande gives
us a guided handheld tour
and we met Arianna, hello.
We go upstairs in our vip
room which overlooks the
entire staples center.
Then the concert starts and
from there it was a big
dance party.
Thank you Arianna Grande,
frackie Grande, mama Grande.
Dog-year Grande.
We had the time of our
life t was the most fun
we've had in '86 days.
And the best tour guide ever-
/chaperone, frackie.
I'm sorry, boys, but you
had no business being there
it was such a girl's trip.
Cool.
Liz, Vanessa, I'm really
happy you had a good time at
the concert.
But nominations are coming
up and we've got to focus
right know.
I decide to go up to talk
to Vanessa because I don't
think that the situation is
as cut and dried as putting
Austin and Liz on the block
any more.
So I need to at least see
where her head is at so I
knows what's going to happen.
Here's where my brain is at.
100 percent certain that I'm
going to put Liz and Austin
up.
Right.
Then I started to think
about it.
I feel like I have two couples.
I feel like it's two couples
and me as the big fat fifth
wheel.
I know Steve is always going
to take you to finals over
me.
He would be dumb ass not to.
Vanessa is telling me
that she's caught between
two show-mances and the last
time I recall I have never
made out with Steve.
Can you tell me would you
take me to the final two
over Steve.
Yeah.
If Steve and me and
Austin in the game who are
you taking to final three.
Probably get rid of Austin.
Now what if Austin has
won the hoh.
He's to the going to at
that point.
If I have to win a mental
comp against him I'm not
going to win it.
The only psychology that
works on ven as... Vanessa is
reverse, reverse, reverse,
reverse psychology.
Put Steve and me up.
I don't want to.
It's going to sart this
weird cycle and her gears
will get stuck together and
he'll be like why does he
want me to put her up on the
block.
And hopefully her head
explodes and somehow I'm
safe this week.
If I put you and Steve up
an Steve goes, are you going
to hold it against me or.
No.
Hey, everybody, it's time
for the
nomination ceremony.
This is the nomination ceremony.
It is my responsible as the
head of household to
nominate two house guests
for eviction.
I would turn two keys to
lock in my nominations and
their faces will appear on
the memory wall.
First house guest I've
nominateed is: The next
house guest I've nominated
is: Western I've nominated
you, Steve, and you Johnnie
mack.
Steve, we definitely have
had our ups and downs but I
absolutely adore you.
You are a friend to me and I
want you it know this
decision couldn't be farther
from personal.
Johnnie, I have so much
respect for you as a
competitor.
You've won three vetoes, a
battle of the block and
every competition that you
didn't win, just about you
were runner-up.
At the end of the day I
can't ignore the fact that I
know in my gutter awe
ultimate loyalty is to each
other this is a game
decision, all about what I
think maximizes my own
probability of being able to
make it to finals and
nothing more.
This nomination ceremony is
adjourned.
Vanessa's telling me I'm
not the target but anything
can happen and there's
nothing like a guarantee to
the final four and that only
guarantee is the veto.
Pie gut is El iting me I
made the right nomination
today.
I'm just crossing my fingers
that it will stay the same
and I don't have to put
Austin or Liz on the block
as a replacement nominee
because that would
complicate things.
Vanessa has nominated
Steve and Johnnie mack which
means she has kept her end
of the deal to myself and
Liz.
Now I need these nominations
to stay the same which means
myself, Liz or Vanessa needs
to win that veto.
The last thing I want
someone of them coming down
and myself or Liz going up
on the block.
Steve and ri sitting on
the block.
We have been in this
situation before.
I'm going to do whatever it
takes to keep me from
walking out the door.
I know my back is in the
corner now and I either win
the veto or I'm evicted and
it's terrible.
Who will win the power of veto.
And will it be used to save
either John or Steve?
And who will be leaving the
"Big Brother" house next?
Find out in a special
eviction episode Tuesday at
8:00, 7:00 central on "big
brother"
captioning funded by CBS
captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access. Wgbh. Org